Core Structure for supporting multiple XBlocks (#2)
openedx/xblocks-contrib: README.rst

core xblocks
#############################

> 

Author: I've updated the readme, please review.

===============
xblocks-contrib
===============

This repository is the new home for XBlocks, a core component of the Open edX ecosystem.
This project involves the extraction of XBlocks from the edx-platform.

Project Overview
=======================

XBlocks are modular components that enable rich interactive learning experiences in Open edX courses.
Historically, the XBlock code was tightly coupled with the edx-platform, making it challenging to manage and extend.
By extracting XBlocks into this dedicated repository, we can reduce the complexity of the edx-platform, making it more maintainable and scalable.

> Xblocks being moved here are::
> * poll_question
> * word_cloud
> * annotatable
> * lti
> * html
> * discussion
> * problem
> * video
> * videoalpha

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XBlocks Being Moved Here
************************

These are the XBlocks being moved here, and each of their statuses:

* ``poll_question`` -- Placeholder
* ``word_cloud`` -- Placeholder
* ``annotatable`` -- Placeholder
* ``lti`` -- Placeholder
* ``html`` -- Placeholder
* ``discussion`` -- Placeholder
* ``problem`` -- Placeholder
* ``video`` -- Placeholder

The possible XBlock statuses are:

* Placeholder: It's just a cookiecutter thumbs-up block.
* In Development: We're building and testing this block.
* Ready to Use: You can try this on your site using the Waffle flag.
* Done The built-in block has been removed. The setup.py entrypoint has been removed from edx-platform and added to xblock-contrib.
```

thanks for the README. a few tweaks on this list:
* you need a blank line before the list or the rst won't render right
* videoalpha is just an alias to video, so we can leave it off the list
* let's make this a heading and include extraction statuses, so we can use this list as a way to keep folks updated on which blocks are ready to use and which aren't
